well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
300,000 subscribers and how to watch
this channel so every hundred thousand
subscribers or so I've done frequently
asked questions somebody recently asked
me to do a video explaining how to watch
this channel and explaining some of the
weird things I do on it
now seems the appropriate time to do
that before I get too far into it thank
you for all of the support this is
really cool if you want to know more
about the background of the channel how
it started a little bit more about me
whatever you can go to let's talk about
a hundred thousand subscribers or let's
talk about two hundred thousand
subscribers okay so how to watch it the
number one thing that people ask about
is why don't you put sources that's not
me being lazy on the Internet today you
can find a source to back up anything
literally anything I can show you graphs
that attempt to demonstrate that the
amount of ice-cream BOTS can predict
whether or not people will drown in
pools generally I think that facts can
get you facts that's cool but context is
what can get you to truth so if you end
up searching it for yourself you'll find
more information that will give you a
clearer picture this isn't supposed to
be a channel where I tell you how to
think so I don't do it if it is
something really obscure the link to the
study or whatever will be the depend
comment down in the comment section
lengths people have asked me to do
longer videos and I watch the whole
conversation on Facebook unfold about
the reason I don't do it that's not as I
do hate add breaks but that's actually
not why I have short videos I try to I
try to use the techniques that I
advocate short digestible pieces of
information are
they're more effective so rather than
having one 30-minute video I will have
three 10-minute videos and they will
come together in a story arc it's just
it's more effective it helps people get
the information so that's that's the
reason I do it that way because of that
at times the video is narrow in scope so
if I'm talking about the food stamp
program in the US I may not bring up
that the Panthers had an effective
version of their own in that video but
there'll be another one on it we're
trying to figure out a way to organize
them to make them easier to find Curious
George
so if the patch on my hat is ever upside
down I'm I'm using something called the
sunk cost fallacy if you can get
somebody nodding their head and agreeing
for the first minute or so they'll
listen to the whole video even if they
hear stuff they don't like so I have
videos where I'm drawing people in to
get them to listen to something that I
think is really important so if you ever
hear a video start off with something
that just does not sound like it should
be coming from me that's probably what's
going on look at the patch on my hat I
also do it when I'm doing satire when
I'm just being incredibly sarcastic
titles my titles are vague yeah they are
I do that so people don't scroll past it
just based on the title I want this
channel to help foster community and I
wanted to reach out to the people who
need to hear it the most and if I say
yay taking down statues is good in the
title they won't listen to it so I don't
phrase it that way I want them to tune
in on that same note I've had a lot of
people ask me how I feel about the fact
that a bunch of people in the comment
section are like you know I've scrolled
past seven of your videos before I ever
clicked because I thought I knew what
you were gonna say it doesn't bother me
I can't count on that on one hand and
then get mad at it on the
for every person that says you know I
scrolled past a bunch there's a whole
bunch of people who clicked on it
because they thought they were gonna
hear what they wanted to hear based on
how I look and those are the people that
need to hear the most so it does not
bother me are we a charity here no we
are not a charity our live streams do
very well because we do a whole lot of
charitable work but we are not a charity
do not try to claim a donation to us on
your taxable we are not know if you
follow us on Instagram or Twitter then
yeah yeah it's you'll see the effects we
donate PPE we recently set up a break
room for a little hospital that had
everything separated off and the nurses
really couldn't leave otherwise they
risked cross-contamination so we set up
a break room for them we do stuff like
that we have supplied domestic violence
shelters we've done a bunch of stuff
like that you can see the the photos and
and the stories on Twitter and Instagram
sometimes we'll do a video about it but
not always that that's the reason they
do well is because I I tried to use the
money the way people would want it used
our t-shirts used to top 50% of it would
go to a various charity we stopped doing
it that way because people would buy
shirts they didn't like because it
benefitted a charity or they wouldn't
buy a shirt they did like because it
benefited a charity they didn't like or
you know so we basically took control of
it ourselves
and it's it's proven to be a whole lot
more effective
had we not done that we wouldn't have
been able to get all that PPE when
everybody needed it because we would
have had the money so
let's see patreon yes I do have a
patreon my patreon is a little bit
different there's no content there's no
real exclusive content that you'll get I
don't put anything behind a paywall
I can't sit here in good conscience and
argue about you know the class problems
in the United States and then put stuff
behind a paywall
I don't think anybody that supports this
channel enough to become a patreon
sponsor would want me to do that anyway
there's a discord there's you get
discounts on t-shirts
there's poles and and stuff like that
occasionally there is some stuff but
there's no exclusive content sometimes
you'll get content early the big draw
was gonna be the tour this summer but
now everybody has to stay at home so
we're trying to figure out something
else people have asked about podcasts we
do interviews normally right now all my
kids are at home and they can't go
anywhere so it's hard to do interviews
and stuff like that because you know
little girl may come in and Elsa has to
be turned on right now
or something along those lines but all
of the audio from these videos goes gets
uploaded you can find it on Spotify or
iTunes or water I do not tell people to
like comment subscribe because I figure
if you want to you will anyway I would
be careful turning on notifications if
you are a light sleeper and it pushes
through to your phone if the YouTube
notification creates a noise you may not
want to ring the bell for me because I
upload at various times and they wake
you up in the middle of the night just
know that in like the last two years I
think I have missed uploading like six
days I upload every day at least once
sometimes two or three times a day so if
you want to catch everything just just
check back every day that's rain so
that's gonna be pretty much the end of
this video
we're gonna make it through this I know
it's getting wild and it's gonna get
crazier before the election just hang in
there the long national nightmare will
end eventually
anyway it's just a thought thank you
again for the support and I will try to
be in the comments section today even
more than usual trying to answer any
questions at y'all thanks again y'all
have a good day